docs: enhance README with comprehensive messaging on unified backend … (#384)
MotiaDev/motia: README.md

Motia brings cohesion to the fragmented backend world with our core primitive: the **Step**. Think of Steps like React Components, but for backends.

![Motia combines APIs, background queues, and AI agents into one system](/assets/motia-architecture-with-bg.png)

### 🧱 The Step Philosophy

- **🎯 Your Logic, Your Step**: A Step holds your business logic. It can be a simple function, a call to a database, or a complex AI agent. This is where your application's real work gets done.

> - **🌍 Any Language, One Workflow**: Write Steps in TypeScript, Python, etc. all in the same project. Use Python for your AI agents and TypeScript for your API, and Motia makes them work together effortlessly.

Reviewer: Suggestion: etc may sound we support others, I think it's better to show we have plans to add other languages instead

```suggestion
- **🌍 Any Language, One Workflow**: Write Steps in TypeScript, Python, and other languages to come. all in the same project. Use Python for your AI agents and TypeScript for your API, and Motia makes them work together effortlessly.
```
